Update changelog (#33653)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/monitor/Azure.Monitor.OpenTelemetry.Exporter/CHANGELOG.md

### Features Added

* Added support for parsing AADAudience from ConnectionString ([#33593](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/pull/33593))

> * All activity events excluding exception event will be exported as Trace telemetry ([#32980](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/pull/32980))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Activity Events (SpanEvents), except those representing Exception, will be exported to TraceTelemetry table([#32980](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/pull/32980))
Exceptions reported via ActivityEvents will continue to be exported to ExceptionTelemetry table
```
